Copied current v0.16 docs into `next` directory (#175)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/06_manage-astronomer/06_apply-platform-config.md

## Step 2: Update Key-Value Pairs

> To update any of your existing settings, modify them directly in your `config.yaml` file. To update a setting you haven't already specified, copy the corresponding key-value pair from the [default configuration file](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/main/enterprise/v0.16/reference/default.yaml) into your `config.yaml` file and modify the value from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update any of your existing settings, modify them directly in your `config.yaml` file. To update a setting you haven't already specified, copy the corresponding key-value pair from the [default configuration file](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/blob/main/enterprise/next/reference/default.yaml) into your `config.yaml` file and modify the value from there.
```
